{"The road to great wine is littered with beer bottles" : "anonymous",
    "Quickly, bring me a beaker of wine, so that I may wet my mind and say something clever." : "Aristophanes c. 450 - 385 B.",
    "When men drink, then they are rich and successful and win lawsuits and are happy and help their friends." : "Knights [424 B.C.], l. 92",
    "Forsake not an old friend; for the new is not comparable to him: a new friend is as new wine; when it is old, thou shalt drink it with pleasure." : "The Wisdom of Jesus the Son of Sirach or Ecclesiasticus, 9:10",
    "He who loves not wine, women and song remains a fool his whole life long." : "MARTIN LUTHER, 1777",
    "Good wine ruins the purse; bad wine ruins the stomach." : "Spanish saying",
    "We may lay in a stock of pleasures, as we would lay in a stock of wine; but if we defer tasting them too long, we shall find that both are soured by age." : "Charles Caleb Colton (1780 - 1832)",
    "Cheese, wine, and a friend must be old to be good." : "Cuban Proverb",
    "It is better to hide ignorance, but it is hard to do this when we relax over wine." : "Heraclitus (540 BC - 480 BC), On the Universe",
    "I have enjoyed great health at a great age because everyday since I can remember I have consumed a bottle of wine except when I have not felt well. Then I have consumed two bottles." : "A Bishop of Seville",
    "The vine bears three kinds of grapes: the first of pleasure, the second of intoxication, the third of disgust." : "Anacharsis, Scythian philosopher (6th century B.C.)",
    "Take counsel in wine, but resolve afterwards in water." : "Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790)",
    "Wine is sunlight, held together by water." : "Galileo Galilei (1564-1642)",
    "Wine is the most healthful and most hygienic of beverages." : "Louis Pasteur (1822-1895)",
    "Wine is a precarious aphrodisiac, and its fumes have blighted many a mating." : "Norman Douglas, English writer (1868-1952)",
    "The best wine is the oldest, the best water the newest." : "William Blake (1757-1827)",
    "Wine is a living liquid containing no preservatives. Its life cycle comprises youth, maturity, old age, and death. When not treated with reasonable respect it will sicken and die." : "Julia Child (1912-2004)",
    "Wine gives great pleasure, and every pleasure is of itself a good." : "Samuel Johnson (1778)",
    "Good wine is a necessity of life for me." : "Thomas Jefferson ",
    "Champagne makes you feel like it's Sunday and better days are just around the corner." : "Marlene Dietrich",
    "When there is plenty of wine, sorrow and worry take wing." : "Ovid, \"The Art of Love\" (c. A.D. 8) ",
    "In Europe we thought of wine as something as healthy and normal as food and also a great giver of happiness and well being and delight. Drinking wine was not a snobbism nor a sign of sophistication nor a cult; it was as natural as eating and to me as necessary."  : "Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast ",
    "Wine is bottled poetry." : "Robert Louis Stevenson, \"The Silverado Squatters\"",
    "Wine, the cheerer of the heart, And lively refresher of the countenance." : "Thomas Middleton and William Rowley, \"The Changeling\"",
    "A new friend is like a new wine; you do not enjoy drinking it until it has matured." : "Ben Sira",
    "The discovery of a new vineyard does more for the happiness of mankind than the discovery of a new star." : "Anthelme Brillat-Savarin ",
    "What find you better or more honourable than age? Take the pre-eminence of it in everything - in an old friend, in old wine, in an old pedigree." : "Shakerley Marmion (1602-1639) ",
    "O thou invisible spirit of wine, if thou hast no name to be known by, let us call thee devil!" : "William Shakespeare, Othello ",
    "Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of good wine" : "St. Thomas Aquinas",
    "Bronze is the mirror of the form; wine, of the heart." : "Æschylus (525-456 BC)Greek tragic dramatist",
    "One that hath wine as a chain about his wits, such a one lives no life at all." : "Alcaeus (fl. 611-580 BC)Greek poet, satirist",
    "Forsake not an old friend, for the new is not comparable unto him. A new friend is as new wine: when it is old thou shalt drink it with pleasure." : "Bible (15th-16th century)(First known English translation from the Latin)",
    "He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shall drink no vinegar of wine, or vinegar of strong drink, neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes, nor eat moist grapes, or dried." : "Numbers 6:3 Bible: Hebrew (15th-16th century) (First known English translation from the Latin)",
    "Tomatoes and oregano make it Italian; wine and tarragon make it French. Sour cream makes it Russian; lemon and cinnamon make it Greek. Soy sauce makes it Chinese; garlic makes it good." : "Alice May Brock",
    "There are days when solitude is a heady wine that intoxicates you with freedom, others when it is a bitter tonic, and still others when it is a poison that makes you beat your head against the wall." : "Sidonie Gabrielle Colette (1873-1954) French author, novelist, \"Earthly Paradise\"",
    "Of course I don't always enjoy being a mother. At those times my husband and I hole up somewhere in the wine country, eat, drink, make mad love and pretend we were born sterile and raise poodles." : "Dorothy DeBolt",
    "Love, with very young people, is a heartless business. We drink at that age from thirst, or to get drunk; it is only later in life that we occupy ourselves with the individuality of our wine." : "Emily Elizabeth Dickinson (1830-86)American poet",
    "My friends and my road-fellows, pity the nation that is full of beliefs and empty of religion. Pity the nation that wears a cloth it does not weave, eats a bread it does not harvest, and drinks a wine that flows not from its own winepress. Pity the nation that acclaims the bully as hero, and that deems the glittering conqueror bountiful. Pity the nation that raises not its voice save when it walks in a funeral, boasts not except among its ruins, and will rebel not save when its neck is laid between the sword and the block. Pity the nation whose statesman is a fox, whose philosopher is a juggler, and whose art is the art of patching and mimicking. Pity the nation that welcomes its new ruler with trumpetings, and farewells him with hootings, only to welcome another with trumpetings again. Pity the nation divided into fragments, each fragment deeming itself a nation." : "Kahlil Gibran (1883-1931)Syrian-born American mystic poet, painter, \"The Prophet\"",
    "Come, for the House of Hope is built on sand: bring wine, for the fabric of life is as weak as the wind." : "Wilfred Wilson Gibson",
    "What is Jordan that I should wash in it? What is the preaching that I should attend on it, while I hear nothing but what I knew before? What are these beggarly elements of water, bread, and wine? Are not these the reasonings of a soul that forgets who appoints the means of grace?" : "William Gurnall",
    "Come, for the House of Hope is built on sand: bring wine, for the fabric of life is as weak as the wind." : "Häfiz",
    "Drink to me only with thine eyes, And I will pledge with mine; Or leave a kiss but in the cup And I'll not look for wine." : "Ben Johnson (1573-1637)",
    "I'm like old wine. They don't bring me out very often, but I'm well preserved." : "Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy (b. 1890) Family matriarch, mother of John F. and Robert F. Kennedy",
    "Men are like wine some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age." : "Pope John XXIII (1881-1963)Roman Catholic leader, head of the church",
    "If you see in your wine the reflection of a person not in your range of vision, don't drink it." : "Chinese Proverb",
    "Fish, to taste good, must swim three times: in water, in butter, and in wine." : "Polish Proverb",
    "If I were to wish for anything, I should not wish for wealth and power, but for the passionate sense of the potential, for the eye which, ever young and ardent, sees the possible. Pleasure disappoints, possibility never. And what wine is so sparkling, what so fragrant, what so intoxicating, as possibility!" : "Soren Aaby Kierkegaard (1813-55) Danish religious philosopher",
    "It's a great advantage not to drink among hard-drinking people. You can hold your tongue and, moreover, you can time any little irregularity of your own so that everybody else is so blind that they don't see or care." : "Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald (1896-1940) American writer",
    "Find out what whiskey he drinks and send all of my generals a case, if it will get the same results. - in reply to comments about General Grant's drinking problems." : "Abraham Lincoln (1809-65)16th US President, Republican",
    "Once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little of robbing; and from robbing he comes next to drinking and sabbath-breaking, and from that to incivility and procrastination." : "Thamas De Quincey",
    "Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity." : "Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire (1694-1778) French philosopher, writer",
    "No nation is druken where wine is cheap, and none sober where the dearness of wine substitutes ardent spirits as the common beverage." : "Thomas Jefferson",
    "Wine is the most civilized thing in the world." : "Ernest Hemingway",
    "My only regret in life is that I did not drink more Champagne." : "John Maynard Keynes",
    "Gentlemen, in the little moment that remains to us between the crisis and the catastrophe, we may as well drink a glass of Champagne." : "Paul Claudel",
    "In victory, you deserve champagne, in defeat, you need it." : "Napoleon",
    "There are two reasons for drinking wine...when you are thirsty, to cure it; the other, when you are not thirsty, to prevent it... prevention is better than cure." : "Thomas Love Peacock",
    "Wine improves with age. The older I get, the better I like it." : "Anonymous",
    "Wine makes daily living easier, less hurried, with fewer tensions and more tolerance." : "Benjamin Franklin",
    "God in His goodness sent the grapes, to cheer both great and small; little fools will drink too much, and great fools not at all." : "Anonymous",
    "Drink wine, and you will sleep well. Sleep, and you will not sin. Avoid sin, and you will be saved. Ergo, drink wine and be saved." : "Medieval German saying",
    "Wine makes a man more pleased with himself; I do not say it makes him more pleasing to others." : "Samuel Johnson",
    "Wine can of their wits the wise beguile, Make the sage frolic, and the serious smile." : "Homer",
    "When there is plenty of wine, sorrow and worry take wing." : "Ovid",
    "Wine is the drink of the gods, milk the drink of babes, tea the drink of women, and water the drink of beasts." : "John Stuart Blackie",
    "If penicillin can cure those that are ill, Spanish sherry can bring the dead back to life." : "Sir Alexander Fleming",
    "From wine what sudden friendship springs!" : "John Gay",
    "Tis pity wine should be so deleterious, For tea and coffee leave us much more serious." : "Lord Byron",
    "There is evil in every berry of grape." : "The Koran",
    "For a bad night, a mattress of wine." : "Spanish proverb",
    "Wine, madam, is God's next best gift to man." : "Ambrose Bierce",
    "Come quickly! I am tasting stars!" : "Dom Perignon (1638-1714) at his first sip of champagne",
    "French wines may be said but to pickle meat in the stomach, but this is the wine that digests, and doth not only breed good blood, but it nutrifieth also, being a glutinous substantial liquor; of this wine, if of any other, may be verified that merry induction: That good wine makes good blood, good blood causeth good humors, good humors cause good thoughts, good thoughts bring forth good works, good works carry a man to heaven, ergo, good wine carrieth a man to heaven." : "British writer James Howell (1634)",
    "We hear of the conversion of water into wine at the marriage in Cana as of a miracle. But this conversion is, through the goodness of God, made every day before our eyes. Behold the rain which descends from heaven upon our vineyards, and which incorporates itself with the grapes, to be changed into wine; a constant proof that God loves us, and loves to see us happy." : "Benjamin Franklin",
    "God made only water, but man made wine." : "Victor Hugo",
    "Give strong drink unto him that is ready to perish, and wine unto those that be of heavy hearts. Let him drink, and forget his poverty, and remember his misery no more." : "Proverbs 31:6-7:",
    "Come, come, good wine is a good familiar creature if it be well used; exclaim no more against it." : "William Shakespeare",
    "In wine there is truth." : "Pliny The Elder [A.D.23-79]",
    "Good wine needs neither bush nor preface to make it welcome." : "Sir Walter Scott",
    "When [wines] were good they pleased my sense, cheered my spirits, improved my moral and intellectual powers, besides enabling me to confer the same benefits on other people." : "George Saintsbury",
    "Wine is made to be drunk as women are made to be loved; profit by the freshness of youth or the splendor of maturity; do not await decrepitude." : "Theophile Malvezin",
    "The Spirit of Wine Sang in my glass, and I listened With love to his odorous music, His flushed and magnificent song." : "William Ernest Henly",
    "There can be no bargain without wine." : "Latin saying",
    "At the shrine of friendship never say die, let the wine of friendship never run dry." : "Victor Hugo",
    "When it comes to wine, I tell people to throw away the vintage charts and invest in a corkscrew. The best way to learn about wine is the drinking."  : "Alexis Lichine",
    "We are all mortal until the first kiss and the second glass of wine." : "Eduardo Galeano",
    "Age appears to be best in four things, - old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read" : "Alonso of Aragon",
    "Life is like wine, the longer you take to enjoy it the more chance you've got of tasting vinegar." : "Unknown",
    "Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy." : "Benjamin Franklin",
    "In water one sees one's own face; But in wine one beholds the heart of another" : "French Proverb",
    "One of the disadvantages of wine is that it makes a man mistake words for thoughts." : "Samuel Johnson (1709-1784) ",
    "Let us have Wine and Women, Mirth and Laughter Sermons and soda-water the day after." : "Lord Byron (1788-1824) ",
    "The torpid artist seeks inspiration at any cost, by virtue or by vice, by friend or by fiend, by prayer or by wine." : "Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882)",
    "Wine comes in at the mouth And love comes in at the eye That's all we shall know for truth Before we grow old and die." : "William Butler Yeats (1865-1939) ",
    "What a man calls his \"conscience\" is merely the mental action that follows a sentimental reaction after too much wine or love." : "Helen Rowland (1876-1950) ",
    "Fill ev'ryglass, for wine inspires us, And fires us With courage, love and joy. Women and wine should life employ. Is there ought else on earth desirous?" : "John Gay (1685-1732) ",
    "I intend to die in a tavern; let the wine be placed near my dying mouth, so that when the choirs of angels come, they may say, \"God be merciful to this drinker!\"" : "Walter Map (c.1140-c.1209)",
    "There was a young lady of Kent, \nWho said that she knew what it meant \nWhen men asked her to dine, \nGave her cocktails and wine, \nShe knew what it meant -but she went!" : "unknown ",
    "A Book of Verses underneath the Bough, A Jug of Wine, a Loaf of Bread - and Thou Beside me singing in the Wilderness - Oh, Wilderness were Paradise now!" : "Edward Fitzgerald (1809-1883) ",
    "I wanna float with you on a cumulus cloud I wanna take you far away from this maddening crowd You can scratch up my back with your long fingernails We'll drink some weird wine and eat psychedelic snails." : "Stan Ridgway ",
    "All love at first, like generous wine, Ferments and frets until 'tis fine; But when 'tis settled on the lee, And from th' impurer matter free, Becomes the richer still the older, And proves the pleasanter the colder." : "Samuel Butler (1612-1680) ",
    "If you say, \"Would there were no wine\" because of the drunkards, then you must say, going on by degrees, \"Would there were no steel,\" because of the murderers, \"Would there were no night,\" because of the thieves, \"Would there were no light,\" because of the informers, and \"Would there were no women,\" because of adultery." : "Saint John Chrysostom (c.345-407) ",
    "Wisdom doesn't automatically come with old age. Nothing does - except wrinkles. It's true, some wines improve with age. But only if the grapes were good in the first place." : "Abigail Van Buren (1918 - ), 1978",
    "Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's sake." : "Bible, 1 Timothy v. 23.",
    "There is nothing like good food, good wine, and a bad girl." : "Fortune cookie",
    "Conversation is the enemy of good wine and food." : "Alfred Hitchcock (1899 - 1980)",
    "You know, my Friends, with what a brave Carouse\nI made a Second Marriage in my house;\nDivorced old barren Reason from my Bed,\nAnd took the Daughter of the Vine to Spouse.\n\nFor \"Is\" and \"Is-not\" though with Rule and Line\nAnd \"Up-and-down\" by Logic I define,\nOf all that one should care to fathom, I\nWas never deep in anything but - Wine." : "from the Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam (Translation by Edward Fitzgerald)",
    "What is better than to sit at the end of the day and drink wine with friends, or substitutes for friends?" : "James Joyce",
    "Wine is to women as duct tape is to men, it fixes EVERYTHING!" : "Tanya Masse",
    "A gourmet meal without a glass of wine just seems tragic to me somehow." : "Kathy Mattea",
    "The wine—it made her limbs loose and liquid, made her feel that a hummingbird had taken the place of her heart." : "Jodi Picoult",
    "Wine, like food, is so emotional. If you think about it, so much of the courting ritual is surrounded by wine and food. There’s a built-in romance to wine." : "Padma Lakshmi",
    "I do love my wine. I’d opt to drink my calories rather than eat them every time, so I cut out the breads, potatoes, pastas, cheeses and desserts in an effort to get my healthy angel and unhealthy demon to compromise." : "Rachel Nichols",
    "Wine is for sharing. What’s the fun of swirling, swishing, sloshing and yakking if my friends can’t join in?" : "Jennifer Rosen",
    "I never taste the wine first in restaurants, I just ask the waiter to pour." : "Nigella Lawson",
    "I drink sherry and wine by myself because I like it and I get the sensuous feeling of indulgence…luxury, bliss, erotic-tinged." : "Sylvia Plath",
    "Wine is just a conversation waiting to happen." : "Jessica Altieri",
    "In wine, there’s truth." : "Pliny the Elder",
    "A loaf of bread, a jug of wine, and thou." : "Omar Khayyam",
    "Who loves not women, wine and song remains a fool his whole life long." : "Unknown",
    "Either give me more wine or leave me alone." : "Rumi",
    "Wine is bottled poetry." : "Robert Louis Stevenson",
    "Wine. How classy people get wasted." : "Unknown",
    "Wine gives courage and makes men more apt for passion." : "Ovid",
    "Where there is no wine there is no love." : "Euripides",
    "A bottle of wine contains more philosophy than all the books in the world." : "Louis Pasteur",
    "Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy." : "Benjamin Franklin",
    "Wine is earth’s answer to the sun." : "Margaret Fuller",
    "When there is plenty of wine, sorrow and worry take wing." : "Ovid",
    "To take wine into our mouths is to savor a droplet of the river of human history." : "Clifton Fadiman",
    "Wine makes all things possible." : "George R. R. Martin",
    "Wine makes every meal an occasion, every table more elegant, every day more civilized." : "Andre Simon",
    "His lips drink water, but his heart drinks wine." : "e. e. cummings",
    "Without bread and wine, love goes hungry." : "Latin Proverb",
    "I cook with wine; sometimes I even add it to the food." : "W. C. Fields",
    "The only way of rendering life endurable is to drink as much wine as one can come by." : "James Branch Cabell",
    "WINE! Because these problems aren’t going to forget THEMSELVES!" : "Tanya Masse",
    "Wine makes a symphony of a good meal." : "Fernande Garvin",
    "Wine cheers the sad, revives the old, inspires the young, makes weariness forget his toil." : "Lord Byron",
    "A man will be eloquent if you give him good wine." : "Ralph Waldo Emerson",
    "I shall drink no wine before it’s time! OK, it’s time." : "Groucho Marx",
    "Give me books, French wine, fruit, fine weather and a little music played out of doors by somebody I do not know." : "John Keats",
    "Wine gave a sort of gallantry to their own failure." : "F. Scott Fitzgerald",
    "I prefer my water in wine form." : "P. C. Cast",
    "Of all things known to mortals wine is the most powerful and effectual for exciting and inflaming the passions of mankind, being common fuel to them all." : "Francis Bacon",
    "The discovery of a wine is of greater moment than the discovery of a constellation. The universe is too full of stars." : "Benjamin Franklin",
    "Wine is sunlight, held together by water." : "Galileo",
    "Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of wine." : "Thomas Aquinas",
    "Beer is made by men, wine by God." : "Martin Luther",
    "Wine is the most healthful and most hygienic of beverages." : "Louis Pasteur",
    "We are all mortal until the first kiss and the second glass of wine." : "Eduardo Galeano",
    "Fan the sinking flame of hilarity with the wing of friendship; and pass the rosy wine." : "Charles Dickens",
    "Give me wine to wash me clean of the weather-stains of cares." : "Ralph Waldo Emerson",
    "Days of wine and roses laugh and run away, like a child at play." : "Johnny Mercer",
    "If we sip the wine, we find dreams coming upon us out of the imminent night." : "D. H. Lawrence",
    "Always carry a corkscrew and the wine shall provide itself." : "Basil Bunting",
    "Drink freely the wine life offers you and don’t worry how much you spill." : "Marty Rubin",
    "The juice of the grape is the liquid quintessence of concentrated sunbeams." : "Thomas Love Peacock"}
